# Generic-Quest
 Generic-Quest is a single player rpg. Generic-Quest is a gui based program that uses pygame to run. To run the code, copy the program under introStuff.py and move it into your python editor(such as PyCharm). run the program with the editors build in run function or if your using a bash terminal, typ python introStuff.py.
 Use ASWD to move the character ouround. to start the game, talk to "Wizard" and obtain "quest." This will start you on the first of many Generic-Quest quests. follow all instructions givin to you by "Wizard" and you will be rewared with an "Item" or a "Spell."
Generic-Quest was created by James Ryan, Jacey Li, Marty Bernstine, Mattias Potenza, and Will Melanson. 
# What can you do with Generic-Quest?
While Generic-Quest is an open source game. Parts of our code can be implemented into your designs, but please refrain from using the entirity of our code. For example, you can take out character movement functions, but we would rather you didnt also include the item interaction and/or our peter griffin sprite. Thanks for your cooporation!
# The story of Gen-Eric
 Gen Eric was born and raised in the middle class suburbs of Suburbia, a quiet and safe town where nothing much ever happened. Gen had a happy childhood, playing with friends, riding bikes, and going to the local park. Gen was decent at math and pretended to help people with their taxes. Gen dreamed of becoming a tax accountant someday.
 Gen attended Suburbia High School, where Gen was a decent student, but not very popular. Gen had a few close friends, but mostly kept to herself. Gen graduated with a 3.1 GPA, which was enough to get into the mediocre school of Suburbia State University, a nearby college that offered a tax accounting program.
Gen enrolled in Suburbia University and studied a little to earn a degree in tax accounting. Gen learned about tax laws, regulations, and forgot the rest. Gen graduated and landed a job at a mediocre tax firm somewhere in Suburbia.
 Gen was happy with her career choice and enjoyed helping clients with their tax issues. Gen also met her spouse at work, who shared her passion for numbers .  Gen and her spouse bought a house in the suburbs of Suburbia, where they raised two children. Gen was proud of their family and their achievements, and looked  forward to retiring someday and traveling the world.
 On another normal day at the tax firm, Gen walked into a room and never walked out. Gen was transported by her crazy coworker, Generic Wizard,  to a place full of tasks, each one less impressive than the last. Eventually, one day, Gen might be able to leave.
# Generic-Quest is A work in progress.
Generic-Quest is currently a work in progress and you can expect to see future updates, potentialy implementing new quests, npcs, and features at some point in the furure. Thank you for playing!
